〔 GENERAL RULES 〕

› By commissioning, the client agrees to my terms of service. Please read carefully before ordering.
› Listed prices are subject to possible change in the future and are for personal use commissions. Commercial pieces will cost more, depending on the scale of the project.
› The final price may increase depending on complexity.
› I have the right to reject any order for any reason. I will not draw gore, violence, explicit sexual content, fetishes.
› Usage of my art for anything NFT or AI related is strictly prohibited.
› When ordering, written descriptions will not be enough, so please include references. They don't have to be pretty, even ms paint mouse drawing or collage of images can be helpful.
› Contact me if you want to order something that is not listed here, but presented in my portfolio at sonnelia.github.io (like interiors, stream assets, design, web development).


〔 ORDER PROCESS 〕

₁ Contact via email (glitchedmoons@gmail.com), discord (@sonnelia) or artistree with basic details.
₂ Discussion of commission contents, estimated time and quote.
₃ Invoice sent through email (due within 14 days).
₄ Start of commission after payment.
₅ Update and revision process.
₆ Finished pieces sent through email.


〔 TERMS OF SERVICE 〕

Not agreeing to the terms stated below results in contract termination. Breaking any of the rules under the copyrights section will cause the client to owe me penalties.

〈 payment 〉
› I accept payment only via artistree or tipo.
› Upfront payments only, due within 14 calendar days after an invoice had been received. Otherwise, the commission will be canceled.

〈 cancellation and refund policy 〉
› I can voluntarily cancel the commission at any stage. The client then receives a refund based on progress and can request to receive the work as is.
› The client can cancel and request a full refund on an order only when I have not started the commission yet.
› The client cannot cancel the commission after work has begun.

〈 updates and revisions 〉
› The client will be able to regularly preview the piece during the process and request changes on each stage of the drawing (sketch, lineart and colors, final).
› To avoid complications with the finished piece, please request necessary corrections in early stages of the work.
› Bigger changes may require an additional fee.

〈 deadlines and delivery 〉
› The commission will take between 1 week to 2 months depending on complexity and my availability. I will inform the client if I require more time.
› I will not work under pressure or a rushed deadline. When commissioning, the client agrees to my timings and cannot enforce differently.

〈 copyright and usage 〉
› I, the artist, retain all copyrights over the commissioned artwork and reserve the right to use the commissioned artwork in portfolio, social media and such.
› I do not allow my artwork to be used for training AI or selling NFTs.
› The client is obliged to credit me when using the commissioned artwork.
› The commissioned artwork is for personal use only unless a separate commercial use agreement has been made.
› The client is not allowed to alter the commissioned artwork in any way without my consent, please contact me to discuss it.

〈 commercial licence 〉
› Prints, merch, assets and anything for-profit will be categorized under commercial and will be priced accordingly, depending on scale. Please include the purpose of the commission when ordering.